make window snap to top/left/bottom/right (multiple screens?)
fixed settings-window height, but scrollable and collapsible settings (a suddenly bigger getting window might be confusing (or not displayed completely at all))

make template for clickable settings rows

maybe make settings in settings window temporary (so they have to be ok'd, right now every change takes effect immediately)
 -pass settings object to settings window to bind to and pass that back to main window as dialog result
 - NO! settings immediate effect allows for instant preview (very good!)
 - INSTEAD save current settings when calling settings dialog allow to cancel them via a new cancel button

unifying styles and magic (like margins widths and heights, fonts...)
UI resizing

restructure readme.md
	only show most essential stuff
		one "head"-line to explain the program
		installation
		how to use (first start)
		about
		credits

	place links to more detailed other md files for
		using the code/ how to build
		full feature list (ordered, from most to least impactful/important)
		detailed how to

allow toggling recording source

add tray icon menu entries
	show main window
	open settings
	info
	about
	check for updates

crop long paths for shown file paths in a way that [...] part is in middle so that one can read beginning and end of path and exact path on mouseover

open dialogs next to or on top of the calling window

have custom message box (for error or warning messages)

reorder settings more reasonably and collapsible

context menu still looks different on win7/10 icons are cropped on 10

handle defective files when replaying/skipping (can we parse those when adding to playlist service and get error message then? or we need to queue up individually or sth.)

dont ask for path/license again when updating?

style scrollbar viewer/scrollable textboxes to fit app style (round corners, flat style...)
- aboutdialog and releaseinstallationdialog

show splash screen instead of "null-window" (the thing that still needs to be resized and controls put into at the start)

include real help link in application
	could we use md-syntax from githubs readme.md for example to also render within wpf? would be nice to share texts that display nicely "in" github.com AND in RecNForget
relative help (right-clicking a control for instance)?
- imlement custom help window (with "help items" constructor)
- centralize help

error handling for no internet/network connection for update/problems writing file etc

automatic (from msi setup, when upgrading from within recnforget) attempt restart after upgrade fails?

add progress indicator when querying releases (might be a few dozen kB)

tooltips for buttons

use semver!?! or something to make changing versions easier and more centralized

allow opacity?

error handling when trying to delete in uninstall (message to prompt to retry and info that file was blocked)

move configuration code from windows into service
=> this would allow building the application to allow for "true" background mode (not rendering main window at all instead of just hiding it)

app config should really be user config (right now its a machine configuration,
 but auto start for instance is only set for the current user, meaning
 the application is installed for all users, but autostart will only happen for the "current" user)

 OR

 make ALL settings machine settings (i.e. autostart for all users, move reg key into current machine space)

allow restoring app.config defaults via settings window

how to build
	include batch files?

enable output as mp3/other (configurable (conditionally))

add Signature!?!

show record (red circle) in bottom right corner when recording

maybe settings and hotkey windows are a bit "too always on top"?

readme.md howto file with screenshots

refactor, ioc, constants, magic strings, identifiers etc

configuring output folder, opens current output folder in dialog directly (if it exists)

do something useful with the "change" option when in "programs/features"-menu
	-this is no longer an issue? dont see anything like this on win 7 and on win 10 the modify button was disabled...

add possibility to edit sampled audio (cut it at beginning and end and save as new file or override it)
add option to open just recorded file in "edit mode"
	if (auto replay is enabled, replay will start in this new "edit window")
	the edit window allows to cut the sample (only at beginning and end?)
	one can exit the edit window in a "save as" kind of way to allow custom file naming
	(this could be preferrable to file prompt mode (see below) but maybe not, in the case that one wants to name the file in advance, before recording)
	edit window could in principle also allow other audio options like volumne control or pitching

is providing different prompt modes really necessary? When starting this project I thought there might be situations where you dont want to just record to the autogenerated file name,
but instead enter it before or after recording, but I think this is really an edge case, who would do that? :D maybe in a future release I will re add the enum and actually use the option

use netfx extension in wix installer to precompile .net dlls and exe into IL to improve startup performance
(granted, building the setup project requires WiX Toolset to be installed, but is there a way to reference the dll without it being an explicit path? maybe nuget?)

allow adding additional hotkeys for all actions (but record hotkey stays mandatory?)

balloon tips are not showing when a video is in full screen (netflix for instance, is there a way to enforce it anyway?)
	there is for instance taskBarIcon.BringIntoView(); but it does not seem to work, dont see any possible always on top or topmost option for the balloon tips

allow fixed time recording
(sometimes you already know how long the sample you want to record is in advance, but stopping the recording manually would lose you precision - in that case it might be advantageous to set stop recording to, say 2 minutes 12 seconds 123ms in advance...))

msi installer can download the required .net version (or we include .net into the setup? wont that make it extra fat?)

Allow including screenshots with sampled audio file (for later remembering which movie/whatever thing the sample belonged to)
	This could also be the fraps replacement :D (well kinda)

buttons that really "click" (icons "move down" when the button is pressed) => hm not for now, I like the flat style :D